How are you friends?  How are you all friends?
So keep working hard in 2026 that you will get the job this time
and stay completely connected with
me, friend.  I try my best.  A
lot of children are connecting, so
I also feel a lot of burden
that if I start messaging everyone, one
day will not be enough.  So the chat
is given below.  Telegram group is given.
Telegram Group: I want you to join that group only if
you are really very excited or
serious.
You will have to follow my instructions there and join the channel, friend.
Subscribe to the channel friends.  Every day people come to me with
jobs from different places.  I have
brought many job updates today also.  Today is
our ICC load.  Ok?  So
from 5th January to 16th January there is a position of
Development Manager in ICC Development sorry ICC LBA
in Karnal.
Where is Karnal?  In Haryana.  And let's see.
Look, it's done.  And even before this, if you
are from Mumbai etc. then 12 to 16 are
also going on for HR recruiter in Mumbai.
And running in Mumbai from 13 to 23
for HR Recruiter in ICC Lobbard.  Ok
?  And let's talk about Karnal,
Kolhapur, Baramati.  Look, there
is job opportunity in this IC Associate Development Manager Health Agency.  Ah
what is there here?  You have to recruit agents
and get them to make sales.  We have to get
business done from them.  This is basically your job.
So we call him
development manager.  Ok?  Health Agency
Manager.  There is an agency manager.  So,
this is what an agency manager is, in which you, as an
agency manager, basically have to hire agents
, recruit them, train them
and get them to produce products and get sales.
Ok?  This happens.  And let's see what else, here
in Pune, son,
look, he has become an Associate Development
Manager.  Now I will tell you one more thing.  All the
people who get confused here, Sir,
as a fresher I want to join a bank
, I want to join a company.  So
friends, you will get a sales job only.
I have made videos on this many times.  I am going to
come again with a video on
how you can join a bank as a fresher in sales.
So I will
make a full video on that.  It also matters to look at it carefully and
what all needs to be learnt in what manner.
Let's talk.  Now
this is the same thing here.  You have an interview here in Pune
for Associate Development Manager in Pune.  Son, no
details have been given here.  That means you have to
apply directly.  Now
what do I need to do to apply?  Copy this job
description.
Paste your chart GBT.  Regardless, what
will GBT do?  You should ask him that brother, I am applying
in this company.  All this work is going to be completed.
What should be its relevant skills?  Which I have to write in my CV.
So he will tell the relevant skills.
You can write those skills on your resume.
Dude, this is a hack.  I
tell this hack in every video.  Everyone follow this hack.
Everyone will get a job.  But yes, you will get a
call for interview.  But you will have to crack the interview.
And I have
made many videos for that.  Check out my
playlist.
I have given the course for free.  This is a free course, which is
available for lakhs or thousands, is
available for free.  When I am giving so much training then you should get
trained now, friend.
Communication English Interview Giving:
Go to the description and see there is
a complete video on how to give an interview.
How to make a resume?  How to brew Lindin?
Play Apna Free Course has provided everything for BFSI,
Banking, Insurance.
So go and
prepare well.  Ok?  Let's talk further.
Here in Masoor there is a vacancy for Field Sales Manager
and look from 7th to 31st,
son, you people say that we do not have any job.
Look, this is for Indore,
son, there is a job
opening in Indore location.  The salary for Proper ICC Labrador Sales
Executive ranges from Rs 19,000 to Rs 20,000.
As a fresher, the salary you get is only Rs
15,000 to 20,000.   The
same thing is available here also.  Ok?  So
directly your work in interview is going on.
Go and give it to the children of Indore,
friend.  You have an interview here.
The interview is going on from 7th to 31st.  Where it
is?  Interview is going on in Vijayanagar.
Go and give it to me.  Watch the videos.   It is
given in the description.  If you have any
problem, please connect with me.  But there will be
no need to connect, friend.
Everything is available on my channel.  Everything
is available.  So use it properly.
You people are not able to use it,
whoever is confused right now.  Ok?
And let's see what other options and
jobs are there.  There is ICC Lo LBA
for Sales Manager in Lonavala also, as I have already
told you, walk in interviews are going on in Indore.  It is
also in Moga, son, look, interviews are going on
in Moga from 5th to 16th
and
where interviews are not going on, you can
apply directly there.  Unit Sales
Manager Pana Ji is also running in Goa.
Ok?  It happened in Chennai.  In Ludhiana
from 5th to 16th.  Brother, look kids, you guys
cannot be jobless now, don't say
sir, I am unemployed, I bring so many jobs
every day, I am telling you about four-four, five-
six jobs every day, so take
advantage of it, okay, look, interviews are going on in Ludhiana
from 5th to 16th,
so you have a good opportunity, you should join, if you have
any problem, join the Twitter group,
if you are serious and want a job,
only my job updates will come there,
you must have my WhatsApp number there, just
message me, yes yes, I am sorry.
Many people must have sent messages on WhatsApp.  The
revert is not coming.  There are too
many messages.  Ok?  I am
giving you my WhatsApp number but I am
not able to revert the message.  Yes,
what will I do once?  I will do one session.   I will
call everyone.  Everyone should come to the career guidance
session.  Okay friends?  Please do apply.  The
opportunity is good.  That's all I'll say.   Get started.  You will
progress slowly.   Come on, thank
you so much.  See you in another job
update.  Look at all these things carefully.
Look at each place one by one.  It is
possible that the video is being made where you live.